Go to hell stop it
Don't come here
What is Qiao Fei going to do?
Good brother
You've never talked to me like this before
Have you forgotten?
You used to love me so much
If not for Yuan Qingming
It should be us together
You clean up Yuan first and let go
I won't let it go, I'm going to kill Concubine Qin
Don't think that this king doesn't know
At first you knew that the emperor wanted to set up a flute
That is, the King of Qi is the prince
That's why you married him?
And I used to be able to do boxing for me
You are also your assistant.
So far
How dare you blame others?
No, it doesn't.
Tweety. Tweety.
I never blamed you.
You want your status
I understand you.
But King Qi just came to the rescue
at stake
He loves you so much
Why do you love me so heartlessly?
You let go of Yuan Qilin
What happened today
This king will beg his father
Father Emperor will look at Chu's father's face
Won't make it difficult for you?
Hao Ge
I hurt someone you love
Will not forgive you
Chu Shou Mansion, I did this kind of thing
The Chu family will only stay away from me
Why would you come forward to plead for me?
Me Now
There is only one way
Just die with him